before I begin my presentation tonight I
put something special together this is
something we do on my show every week we
pitch in to help the FCC keep our public
airwaves squeaky clean by bleeping and
blurring things whether they need it or
not and with that said please enjoy a
special White House Correspondents
Association dinner version of this week
in unnecessary censorship good afternoon
ladies and gentlemen thank you for
coming to the White House for your daily
briefing
I've told leaders of both parties that
they must come up with a fair compromise
in the next few days that can pass both
houses of Congress and a cup that I can
see President Obama says it's asking
time of the Gulf Coast trying to find
bipartisan health care reform on Capitol
Hill it's sort of like children trying
to unicorns I have with homosexuals
since 1968 I'm a regular guy with a big
I like being able to people who provide
services to me Harry Reid just wants to
put his finger it is insane are you not
getting enough you and the
administration look these are gigantic
packages I understand what pork-barrel
politics is all about
I used mine that was a great interview
thank you very much enjoyed being here
thanks guys right even though you touch
this she's not the only person that I
have I have a lot of people the only
thing about this particular one is yes
she happened to be female I promise you
the president has a big dick
I promise you the Irish Prime Minister
he was crazy was introducing the
president they had a wonderful time
we campaign the whole day whenever I saw
my seller said are you hey Sam boss you
ready to go I say I'm ready to go it is
the thing
ads are about a minute or two I'm
starting to feel kind of
and now I'd like to introduce a comedian
who I think will be a particular hit
with the journalists in this room Jimmy
Kimmel is known in the world of comedy
not only for a sense of humor but for
his work ethic and his tenacity and for
those of us familiar with the ups and
downs of the media business what's not
to like about a guy who's been fired
from four radio stations
ladies and gentlemen it's my pleasure to
introduce Jimmy Kimmel host of ABC's
Jimmy Kimmel Live
well thank you good evening ladies and
gentlemen the distinguished guests
mr. president Salaam it is wonderful to
be here they told me this would be a
very high-profile event with some of the
most powerful people in the worlds they
did not tell me I'd be looking directly
into Sofia Vergara's cleavage
I saw you texting Sophia is from
Colombia this is what women look like in
Colombia what do you expect the Secret
Service to do mr. president oh you won't
be able to laugh at any of my jokes
about the Secret Service so cover your
ears if that's physically possible
I do have a lot of jokes about the
Secret Service you know I told them for
eight hundred dollars I wouldn't tell
them but they only offered thirty so I
am happy to see that Congress is taking
this very seriously David Vitter even
went so far as to fly down to Columbia
to investigate this personally I'll tell
you what though I know the
administration been cracking down but if
this had happened on President Clinton's
watch you can damn well bet those Secret
Service agents would have been
disciplined with a very serious
high-five palms would be beet-red quick
announcement um if anyone has tickets to
the gsa after-party the plane is leaving
for the four seasons in Dubai at
midnight on the dot
don't be later you'll miss out on your
complimentary white tiger cub
I want to thank the Washington Hilton
for hosting us tonight you know
President Obama wanted to move the
dinner to the Kennedy Center this year
but the Republicans wanted to keep it
here at the Hilton so they compromised
and here we are at the Hilton
I'm staying at the hotel and I'll be
honest it isn't great I had to change
rooms last night because there was a
huge leak in the room above me I guess
Peter Orszag left his mouth on and he
told me you guys would like go on he
told me a lot of stuff but it's an honor
to be here you know he told me when I
was a kid that I would be up sitting on
the same day as with President Barack
Obama I notice that the president's name
is Barack Obama
mr. president you remember remember when
the country rallied around you in hopes
of a better tomorrow that was hilarious
that was your best one yet
but honestly it's a thrill for me to be
here with the president a man who was I
think done his best to guide us through
some very difficult times and paid a
heavy price for it you know there's a
term for guys like President Obama
probably not two terms but
even some of your fellow Democrats think
you're a pushover mr. president they
would like to see you stick to your guns
and if you don't have any guns they
would like to see you ask Eric Holder to
get some for you Jake Tapper wrote that
it's kind of hard to be funny with the
president United States sitting right
next to you looking you and yet somehow
day in and day out Joe Biden manages to
do it
I wish she was here I wish she was here
so he could sit behind me and fake clap
dirt like he does during the State of
the Union address are you enjoying this
is this fun for you this is the first
meal he's had in months
they say diplomacy as a matter of
carrots and sticks and since mrs. Obama
got to the White House so is dinner
you're very skinny she doesn't let you
eat I felt weird about eating dessert I
left it untouched I've never done that
before
you know the real reason people thought
you were from Kenya had nothing to do
with your birth certificate it's because
he lost so much weight we thought you
were the guy who won the Boston Marathon
this is how you know this country's in
bad shape our president is starving
North Korea is sending him food aid
I had the opportunity to sit next to the
first lady tonight she's very very nice
and no matter what side of the fence
you're on you have to admit she's done a
lot of good work she just wants us to be
healthy really is all mrs. Obama I thank
you for that
look it's Chris Christie get him
you know they say that inside every
American governor is a president
struggling to get out in Chris
Christie's case it's the only one where
you can still hear them screaming
Governor Christie you might be
misunderstanding New Jersey slogan it's
not the Olive Garden State
but the the truth is the first lady is
right Americans are in terrible shape
you can even tell how out of shape we
are by the way we protest we used to
March now we occupy plus see quick
congratulations to the Occupy protesters
it took months and months of patchouli
oil and hacky sack but finally Wall
Street isn't greedy anymore
congratulations White House press
secretary Jay Carney is with us hello
Jay Jay's as you know not only is press
secretary he you also know him as the
white guy from every LensCrafters
commercial one of Jays jobs is to keep
track of all the Hillary Rosen's
for those of you who aren't familiar
with this story Kim Lindsay etc
Hilary Rosen is the woman who said Ann
Romney never worked a day in her life
even though mrs. Romney raised five kids
and of course the administration tried
to distance itself from those comments
they said she's not an adviser to the
Obama campaign even though as we later
found out her name appeared on the White
House visitor log 35 times so when
reporters asked Jay why her name showed
up 35 times this is where it gets
hilarious he said he wasn't sure it was
the same Hilary Rosen he said I
personally know three Hillary Rosen's he
personally know three Larry Rosen's
where did all these Hillary Rosen's come
with did you pick them in the Hilary
Rosen garden
I've met you $10,000 you don't know
three Hillary roses but I'm not running
for president so three Hillary's that
sounds like President Clinton's worst
nightmare hey is that slut Rush Limbaugh
here people are still upset with a rush
for comments he made about Sandra Fluke
but you know what there's a reason mr.
Limbaugh said what he said and that
reason is percocet and by the way just
to clear things up for the extreme
right-wingers here's the difference
between Bill Maher and Rush Limbaugh the
people who watch Bill Maher know he's an
asshole
this is um my first time here every news
organization I guess has its own table
Scripps is here thank God just in case
of spelling brief broke set breaks out
we have that covered we have numerous
members of the print media in attendance
which reminds me of a riddle what's
black and white and red all over nothing
anymore really the Christie jokes are
okay but no
we're the CN n tables are the CN n
tables real tables or virtual tables
there you are every election year CN n
comes up with new and increasingly
amazing technology they have the magic
wall this year they had the hologram
four years ago and yet with all their
technical wizardry they still haven't
figured out a way to make James Carville
look less like a hairless boiled cat
quite a few cable news anchors wrote
books this year Chris Matthews of MSNBC
wrote a biography of JFK it's four
hundred twenty seven pages long poor
Rick Santorum was throwing up all night
Bill O'Reilly wrote a controversial book
about another great president called
killing Lincoln I actually have my own
theory about Lincoln's death I think
John Wilkes Booth was innocent I don't
even think it was an assassination
I believe that Abraham Lincoln had a
vision about what the Republican Party
would become in 150 years and he shot
himself
is the Fox table laughing or or did
Rupert Murdoch hack into all my jokes
already
some people think Rupert Murdoch was
intentionally trying to appear to be
confused when he testified in front of
the British government but I don't know
the man is 81 years old I think you have
to know how to use a cell phone before
he can figure out how to hack into one
Rupert Murdoch paid 580 million dollars
from MySpace clearly he knows nothing
about technology Fox News is the grumpy
old man of Cable loud stubborn a little
bit out of touch with reality just had a
mole removed is the Fox mole here by the
way I'd like to take a moment to salute
the Fox mole were not for his brave
sacrifice the world may never have known
that the bathrooms at Fox were overdue
for renovation leaking to videos and
getting caught right away doesn't make
you a mole it makes you a freckle as a
result of all the success Fox News has
had MSNBC has moved a bit to the left of
Hugo Chavez lately MSNBC has a very big
star now in Rachel Maddow Rachel hosts
her own show she's a best-selling author
and yet somehow she still manages to
find time to cut her own hair
the Rachel was a very different
hairstyle when Jennifer Aniston had it
Rachel Maddow also wrote a book energy
argues that the unchecked expansion of
executive power since Vietnam has
resulted in a country that is
perpetually at war which comes at
disastrous cost not only financially but
to the very ideals on which the United
States was founded women nag nag nag you
know there are a lot of very big
celebrities here with us tonight
Agee is here aggies the dog from the
movie the artist Oggy is amazing he he
can roll over on command he's a Democrat
Augie have some advice if Mitt Romney
ever invites you to go for a ride call
Shotgun and if the president tries to
butter you run last week we learned that
the president's two favorite stakes are
rib eye and seeing-eye
you know you don't have to reveal
everything in an autobiography right I
mean you can leave some things out when
you go to a dog park is it the same as
when we look at a tank full of lobsters
the president was very candid in an
interview with the Atlantic a couple of
weeks ago when he called Kanye West a
jackass which no offense sir but I think
you got the wrong West I think you meant
Alan do all West look the same to you
George Clooney is here tonight tomorrow
he said to appear before Alan West and
the house on American Activities
Committee
George is hosting a fundraiser event for
the Obama campaign for $3 you can enter
a raffle and the winner gets to have
dinner with the president at George
Clooney's house and I for one have
always dreamed of eating a hot pocket
with the president and Batman and now I
can do it for only 3 bucks and if you
don't win raffle remember you could
still win dinner with George himself if
you are a six-foot one blond with a
perfect body Sully Sullenberger
where is Sully Sullenberger I met him
outside the sonne would you do us a
favor would you mind driving lindsay
lohan home
make sure you don't run into a goose
especially a gray goose
George Stephanopoulos is here good
morning America just beat the Today Show
for the first time in 16 years and
George is riding well hi maybe isn't the
word but say let's say he's very pleased
16 years is a long time 16 years ago
there was no Facebook there was no
Google and a tweet was something Barbara
Walters gave her dog this um
this is really incredible I mean what a
collection of people here in one room we
have members of the media politicians
corporate executives advertisers
lobbyists and celebrities everything
that is wrong with America is here in
this room tonight
unfortunately the Speaker of the House
John Boehner isn't apparently yours
aren't the only dinner invitations he
declines mrs. Obama don't take it
personally oh he's probably just afraid
someone will ask him to pass the salt
and he won't have the votes Eric Cantor
couldn't be here tonight he's at the gym
working out his gavel arm this Boehner
Cantor feud fascinates me as most of you
know it started during the debt ceiling
negotiations when they couldn't agree on
the wording of the ransom note and it
went downhill from there interesting
fact about Speaker Boehner the reason he
smoked so many cigarettes is his tears
keep putting them out Minority Leader
Nancy Pelosi isn't here tonight either
but her her lipstick is on my glass I
think from last year Nancy Pelosi
believes in lipstick the same way she
believes in government too much is never
enough Jake Tapper also wrote that one
I've been I have to say I've been having
a lot of fun here in Washington it's
such a great city with all the history
and monuments I was at the Lincoln
Memorial last night
just I was standing there in awe I think
in the 60s on this very spot Forrest
Gump reunited with Jenny the people are
interesting too and it's fun to have
conversations with people who are so
passionate about politics I talked to a
guy who was a huge supporter of
Obamacare and and a guy who says it's a
disaster that should be killed
immediately and it was interesting
because I'd never met Mitt Romney before
Mitt Romney is the inevitable Republican
candidate for president he's a has
amazing story you know they picked him
out of a Lands End catalog that's how he
was discovered some people say Mitt
Romney won't be elected president
because he's Mormon and I think that's
ignorant this country is more
open-minded than that we elected an
african-american president we would
absolutely elect a Mormon president just
not Mitt Romney
Stevie Wonder just said we elected an
african-american president we heard our
Eric Fernstrom compare Romney's campaign
to an etch-a-sketch and I don't know
when I think Mitt Romney I don't think
at your sketch I think twister one foot
on red the other on blue and both hands
on green mitt has trouble connecting
with regular people you can't have a
beer with him because he doesn't drink
you can't have a cup of coffee with them
because he can't have caffeine you can't
even play Monopoly with him because he
keeps trying to put the dog on the car
but if you're a Republican you know
there isn't much of a choice I get Rick
Santorum is out I guess it just wasn't
Rick's year rich here is 1954 you know
it's one thing to oppose gay marriage
it's another all together to do it in a
sweater vest
in the end Rick Santorum may not have
won the nomination but he succeeded in
getting his message out not just to
Americans but to people all a flat the
world Ron Paul is still in there he's
still sticking with it to me Ron Paul
looks like the guy who gets unhooded at
the end of every scooby-doo episode
it's great to see the Gingrich's here
tonight because I guess that means the
check cleared
nute I have a question how can you be
against gay marriage when you yourself
are the son of two gay parents the
Michelin Man and the Stay Puft
Marshmallow Man I don't understand
politicians who are against gay marriage
I don't understand anyone who's against
gay marriage and when you really think
about it aren't all marriages kind of
gay I mean as a man when you get married
essentially what you're saying is I will
never touch another woman as long as I
live
now let's put jewelry on each other and
dance not that it's any of my business
mr. Gingrich but why are you waiting
until Tuesday to drop out of this just
do it now it's oh it's time to mitt or
get off the pot the election process has
changed a lot over the last 10 years as
you know the president finally gave in
and agreed to a super PAC which
initially Vice President Biden was very
excited about until he found out that a
super PAC isn't one of those big boxes
with all the different kinds of chips
and power in the subject of super PACs
let's get rid of super committees super
committees are two committees what super
cuts is two cuts
all right it's time for the fun part of
the evening I'd like everyone to look
under your seats under each one you will
find a copy of Keith Olbermann's resume
is Keith here tonight
limo wouldn't pick him up the thing
about Keith Oberman is he's so likeable
Al Gore launched Current TV in 2005 and
it took off like a North Korean rocket
to be honest I didn't even know Current
TV was still on the air but then I don't
get channel a million pees Oberman
burned more bridges than the arsonist of
Madison County is he has more pink slips
than Marcus Bachmann too soon to say if
you're not familiar with Marcus Bachmann
he plays Cameron on the show Modern
Family stand up and say where are you
Marcus how there he is
have you loved one real question for you
mr. president what's with the marijuana
crackdown I mean seriously what is the
concern we will deplete the nation's
Funyuns supply you know pot smokers vote
to sometimes a week after the election
but they vote let's take a quick poll I
would like everyone in this room to
raise your raise your hand if you've
never smoked pot and uh look at Brit
Hume he's high right now he's on his
fourth almond macaroon mr. president I
hope you don't think I'm out of line
here but marijuana is something that
real people care about and the fact that
you believe Speaker Boehner when he
tells you he still has control of his
party leads me to believe that you must
be smoking some crazy great weed
yourself woody harrelson just woke up as
we know now last year at this dinner
President Obama had his team on the way
to kill Osama bin Laden so who will it
be this year if you're looking for the
biggest threat to America right now
she's right there her name is Kim
Kardashian she was captured by Greta Van
Susteren and brought right to your
doorstep you know when you took office
the Kardashians had one reality show now
they have four this is not a good trend
right now Navy Navy SEAL Team six is
outside the Kardashian compound in
Beverly Hills disguised as the Denver
Nuggets so they can sneak in undetected
I have a question who are these people
who think it would be a good idea to
attack Iran I hear people say bomb um
Nukem just do it now but they're a real
bunch of Yahoo's and Netanyahu's there's
only one way to have peace between the
Israelis and the Arabs instead of
focusing on their differences they
should focus on what they have in common
which is a mutual love of falafel and
terrible dance music I don't understand
all the anger that is directed at the
president even if he disagree with his
politics he's funny's athletic he has a
beautiful singing voice he's devoted to
his family even with all his
responsibilities he still finds time to
go to his kids soccer games and move the
goal posts and I think that's
commendable President Obama wants
everyone in America to have health care
whether we want it or not I think I
figured it out you're not from Kenya
it's even worse you're from Canada this
health care reform thing has a lot of
people very angry there seems to be a
lot of anger in general and ladies and
gentlemen if I can get serious for a
moment I believe that if we truly want
to overcome the problems that we face we
have to do it together we can I forget
this country is a great country this is
a land of liberty and justice for all
and it doesn't matter if you're black
like President Obama or white like
President Obama or red like President
Obama's agenda or orange like Speaker
Boehner America is and will always be as
a great man once put at a place where a
man is judged not by the color of his
skin but rather by the number of his
Twitter followers it has been an honor
for me to be here before so many members
of the Washington and national media
you're here tonight because as
journalists you care about freedom free
speech a free press and most importantly
free dinner
some people say journalism isn't
declined they say you've become too
politicized too focused on
sensationalism they say you no longer
honor your duty to inform America but
instead actively try to divide us so
that your corporate overlords can rake
in the profits I don't have a joke for
this I'm just letting you know what some
people say
in conclusion it really has been an
honor for me to be here tonight and I'd
like to thank Karen Bohannon for
inviting me and Jake Tapper for writing
all the jokes you didn't like and I also
want to thank mr. Mill's my 10th grade
high school history teacher who said I'd
never amount to anything if I kept
screwing around in class mr. mills I'm
about to high-five the President of the
United States
Eden Mills
thank you everybody
you